You were taken in by an expert at a young age; maybe a powerful wizard, or some renowned fighter. Accepted as an apprentice, you lived and learned with this master, with your eyes set on becoming just as great as them. However, while investigating a powerful magic object with you close by, they touched the item and immediately vanished. Though the item remained, there was no trace of your master. Uncertain of what to do, you chose not to touch the item yourself, instead continuing with your studies as best you could from the books and journals left behind. Someday you intend to find out what really happened, and where your teacher went, but you know now that magic must always be used with great caution and uncertainty. You will not make the same mistakes your master did.
You had a relatively boring upbringing, and sought adventure wherever you could manufacture it. The town you lived in was clean, safe, and well-established. Your parents were financially stable, and you had access to all the necessities a child would have growing up in civilized society. However, your parents took little interest in your activities and whereabouts, which meant that much of your time was spent exploring places you were not allowed, and playing with things you weren’t supposed to. The laws you broke were of little consequences, and you were rarely punished beyond a slap on the wrist. Reaching young adulthood, you outgrew your town, feeling frustrated and bored by it. Purchasing some old equipment that sat in the local shop for too long, you set out, never looking back, and not truly missed. For you, adventure is what you make it, and you can’t stand anyone who would choose to live any other way.
Your mother and father ran their own shop, and were always proud of that. You grew up working with them, but they always told you that the greatest achievement in life was finding your own place in society. Though they managed to earn enough to remain comfortable, you realized that they were not in the most lucrative business, and that there was greater coin to be made doing something else. Most of your ideas require some seed money, and the best business owners are ones who know their clientele, so you have taken up the life of an adventurer. You seek to invest in others, start your own, and grow a business empire. Your mother and father are proud, and appreciate the occasional letter home (and possible business partnerships).
As a child, you never realized how unusual the phantoms at the edge of the village were. You would see them standing out among the trees; black figures, like people draped in long sheets with two glowing eyes, doing nothing. You stopped mentioning them when your parents dismissed it as an overactive imagination, but they were always there. You grew up sheltered from the wider world, staying inside as often as you could. As you got older though, it occured to you that the figures had never hurt anyone, and despite their menacing appearance, had never really brought harm. In young adulthood, you decided that you would approach them for the first time. On that day when you looked upon them, one of them raised an arm, beckoned you forward, and then turned to leave. All the figures simultaneously turned and moved deeper into the woods, expecting you to follow. So you did. Even today if you stay in one place too long, you see the figures again, motioning you onward to some yet undiscovered goal.
Your uncle was the most talented $BACKGROUND the city had ever known. His shop had been in business for over 20 years when you started learning the craft under his careful tutelage. You swelled with pride standing among his work on display. That changed when a pair of dwarven brothers moved into town, setting up a shop of their own. They too were $BACKGROUNDs, and their skill far surpassed that of your uncle’s. Their hundreds of years of experience overshadowed what your family could achieve, and within a couple years, your uncle closed up his shop. Infuriated at the humiliation you felt on behalf of your uncle, you have set out in search of lost gem cutting techniques, and historical pieces that may grant you and your uncle some edge in the trade, your hope always being that you could surpass the skill of races whose lifespan is frustratingly, unfairly long.
Your mother gave birth to you in the back of a silver carriage pulled by a Pegasus (or so she claims). While some adventuring parents would leave their children in the relatively safety of their home or with other family, you were always brought along. Taken into places far too dangerous for a child, your parents were highly skilled and did an excellent job of keeping you safe. By age 3 you had your own magic torch. By age 5 you had jumped over small lava flows while dodging an imp. By age 10 you were pushing your father out of the way of a swinging blade trap he was certain had not reset. Your parents have always been very proud of you, and are confident that you are going to surpass any of the success that they have had. After finally retiring with plenty of loot and just as many scars, they have set you off on the same path that they started on; basic equipment and a desire to explore. To you, this is a game, though you’ve never been without the safety net of their experience.
Knowing he would not be able to give you a good upbringing, your widowed father gave you over to a $MYCLASS willing to take you to his grove and train you. Your childhood was spent foraging for food, hunting animals, and carving out a space in the forest for you and the $MYCLASS to live in. Occasionally he would produce fabulous things like fine clothes, exotic foods, and well-crafted weapons for you. As you were young, it did not seem unusual that he never used any magic. It was not until your teenage years that you learned the truth; the “$MYCLASS” that had been raising you was a fraud; a famed highwayman hiding out from the king. Only upon his capture and imprisonment did you discover that he had simply kept you to help him with his chores and improve his image as a harmless hermit. Suddenly alone, you have decided to seek out those who would deceive others and reveal the truth to anyone who cannot see it themselves.
You grew up in a small village that was many days journey from any others. Because of this, when you were old enough, you were trained as a messenger. People entrusted important documents to you, which you always dutifully delivered between the neighbouring settlements. You were respected and comfortable. However, an old wizard who lived in a remote tower would occasionally have mail delivered, and your interactions were always unpleasant. One day the wizard tasked you with delivering a letter to a distant land. He revealed to you that he had long been in hiding, and many lives depended on your ability to succeed in this task. You reluctantly agreed and found yourself travelling many months away from your home. Upon completion of your task, you were asked to perform another important delivery, and so it continued; you had developed a taste for helping others and completing tasks that others could not. One day you’ll return home, but there is just so much that still needs to be done.
At a young age your home city was overrun. You weren’t sure if the attackers destroyed it, but your family was forced to flee along with many others before the battle began. You travelled far outside your home country, continuing even further than those you began the journey with. Where your family finally settled, there was none of your kind; you stood out, and people had many questions. Your parents grew old, and the experience jaded them. They spoke of your homeland as being a wonderful place of prosperity and happiness, and though they longed to return, they refused to make the difficult trek back. You, however, have decided that you will go back and search for the remains of your family’s past. You’ve learned that the old city is home now to some evil, and so you must train and prepare for this dangerous task.
You always dreamed of becoming a spellcaster, but you never had the natural talent. You spent long hours gardening, walking in the woods, hoping some divine force would connect with you and teach you the ways of nature’s power. It was not meant to be, and as a teenager, you signed up with the local military to train as a warrior $MYCLASS. You spent years studying tomes, practicing with weapons, but never really putting your heart into it. You were loyal in your service, but were always thinking of the wider world and other kingdoms with other things to teach. When finally you were given the choice to specialize into the school of magic the military was assigning you or leave, you left. You are not fully what you would call a warrior or a $MYCLASS, but you hope that freed from service, you’ll manage to find your path.
In his earlier years of life, $NAME was infatuated by the idea of becoming a powerful $MYCLASS. His life in the city was fairly easy-going, although not luxurious. His father, Albin Greywind, ran a moderately successful carpentry business in the city. $NAME and his younger brother Corthas always got along, running around the city with their other friends, enjoying life. At the age of 16, $NAME was accepted into the college of magic in the city where he lived. The Arch-Mage of the college, Grenendale, took a personal interest in him, believing him to be able to become his successor one day.

After about half a decade of learning the basics of $MYCLASSry and magic, Grenendale invited $NAME along on an expedition into an ancient temple that had recently been uncovered. The architecture of the temple was unique and who made it was unknown, but Grenendale had been doing research on an ancient civilization that he suspected once ruled in this region. The expedition revealed little about the ancient civilization, aside from an ancient tome bearing a mark that resembles a bone-like claw with three $NAMEs. Grenendale was secretive about the book, revealing almost no information about it to $NAME. For many more years, $NAME continued to learn under his master, becoming more and more proficient in the ways of magic. But, as the years passed, Grenendale became erratic and started to descend into madness.

One day, $NAME entered his master's office to check in on him, but found him hunched over the book with a crazed look on his face. $NAME tried to help his master, but Grenendale attacked him. After a short fight, $NAME had no choice but to vitally injure his master. As Grenendale was nearing death, he had a moment of clarity, grabbing $NAME and speaking only two words, "stop him". He then handed $NAME the tome and died. $NAME ran from the city, afraid that he was to be blamed for his master's murder. $NAME now travels the land, searching for answers about what happened to his master.

The book that $NAME bears calls to him in his mind, urging him to open it. $NAME has resisted thus far, but curiosity is starting to get the better of him.
$NAME grew up hearing the stories of his great-grandfather, a powerful warrior, capable of magic and incredible deeds, and his mighty, talking sword, Dawnshine. For some reason the family was nonetheless living in a humble village, with $NAME's father working as a smith, repairing pots and horse irons, sometimes the breastplate of a passing adventurer or expertly sharpening the swords of the roaming guards of the region.
$NAME didn't mind the quiet life, but the legends of his ancestor always tickled his mind. It comes to no surprise, then, that when he heard a clear voice in his head, while admiring the suit of armour and the scabbarded sword of his great-grandfather, he listened carefully.
The voice would tell him that it was none other than Dawnshine speaking to him, that the time had come once again for one of his lineage to take up arms against the forces of evil and corruption, all he had to do was accept the power Dawnshine could grant him, and free it from the scabbard it was sealed into.
Without thinking too much, $NAME did just that, and released the sword, which started floating in mid air in front of him. The pact was struck, the sword offered the young power, but not itself, flying away to an unknown location.

After that, $NAME started feeling strange, more and more every day, until the sword spoke again in his mind, and urged him to prepare for travel and adventure: a great destiny awaited him as its blessed vassal. And so it was that he departed his parent's home, with simple equipment and little training, and ventured in the large world, with the voice of a talking, blessed sword as his guide.

For several years now $NAME has been the willing servant of Dawnshine, and everything seems go pretty well for him, even though the shape and looks of some of the incredible powers he has obtained seems strange, he has no doubt, he is sure inside of him that he was destined to be this: a $MYCLASS.

Unfortunately, nothing could be farther from the truth, as Dawnshine is nothing more than a ruse, a fake personality of an otherwise twisted and cursed entity residing the sword $NAME freed, and that is now using the young man to gather knowledge and regain strength, until such a time as he will no longer need him. 

 This guy is convinced 100% that he is serving a celestial entity, and that he is at all effects a $MYCLASS. He has not seen nor met a real $MYCLASS ever in his life and only heard stories. He is so convinced, that he would still defend his $MYCLASS icity even when confronted with proof that his powers are all but those of a .

$NAME was born into a nomadic orc clan that traveled the wilds of the north. From a young age, he always had an affinity with nature in general, and animals more specifically. The clans' resident $MYCLASS took him under her wing after she found him talking with animals, and started teaching him what she knew.

But this life could not last for long.

A group of cultists that worshiped a primordial evil had poisoned the local water supply, causing all of the clan members to fall into an enchanted sleep... All that is, except for the druid and her apprentice, since they had some resistance to the posion.

The cultists came into the camp, gathering everyone they could find into a ritual circle that they carved out, and then they started chanting. A dark portal opened overhead as the druids watched, helpless to do a thing since the poison had the side effect of blocking off the flow of all magic. Tendrils of dark energies flowed out from the portal, tethering to all present, orc and cultist alike, with a larger tendril being attached to the young $NAME.

As the life could be seen being drained from all present, The young half-orc could hear a deep, resonant voice echoing inside of his mind, telling him how it was going to take control of his body and bring a reign of terror down on the world like it had never known before.

At this moment, something snapped inside of the youngling, and he ripped the tendril asunder, not noticing as some squirmed into his forehead. All of this left him alone with his dead clansmen and enemies.He did not know, though, that the snapped tendril had left a portion of the old one in his mind, just waiting for the time that it could take over and be free...

Since then, he has traveled south from the frozen northlands that stretch further than the  furthest dale's, and has recently heard of a clan of goblins that have been ambushing people near Neverwinter, and has decided that he shall pay this clan a 'visit'...
$NAME, the $RACE, didn't know his parents, he was abandoned at birth, thrown in to the Underchasm. Somehow he survived the perilous terrain with no memories before the age of six, when he left his unforgiving nightmare of a dark and twisted home.

From what he can recall, his childhood was spent secluded in the plaguelands, hiding from hideous mutated creatures and forgotten pilgrims, occasionally finding the comfort of food and drink in the small city of Ormpetarr.

The years melted away as the $RACE grew in power with his dedication to survive the horrid lands; all that were familiar to him. This natural tenant to explore places unfit for most people, lead him deep in to a soft glowing cave of blue light. Before him, illuminated by cerulean glow, yet hidden in shadow, an entity of unimaginable horror. Paralyzed by fear, he stared down the demon, the unknown depths of his mind tapping in to insanity with every lingering second...until darkness.

$NAME opened his eyes. Thundering flames soured past his vision, malevolent winged beings flocked over sharp red peaks on the horizon. He saw a landscape before him, as though he was flying. His vision near-impossible to focus on as his senses overcame with the horrid form of shrieking babble in his ears, impossible to comprehend. Deeper within the screams the sound of heavy chains chuckled like a torrent of rain upon his skull.

What felt like mere moments passed as he awoke once again in the cave, still touched upon by blue light, yet no sign of the demon. Only cold lonely stone walls remained. His head pounding with memories of his recent travels beyond. He held thoughts that were not his own, memories of countless lifetimes, thousands of voices from the past, now living inside of him. His eyes now shone a blue flame with a freshly cut spiraled scar upon his forehead.

Many years passed, with greater understanding of his visions. The ramblings clearer in translation, commanding him to retrieve lost relics and shrines to the Chained God, in aim to free him from his shackles.

$NAME can now be found lurking the most forgotten temples with his ever growing disciples, in aim to tear the very threads of existence asunder.
In his earlier years of life, $NAME was infatuated by the idea of becoming a powerful $MYCLASS. His life in the city was fairly easy-going, although not luxurious. His father, Albin Greywind, ran a moderately successful carpentry business in the city. $NAME and his younger brother Corthas always got along, running around the city with their other friends, enjoying life. At the age of 16, $NAME was accepted into the college of magic in the city where he lived. The Arch-Mage of the college, Grenendale, took a personal interest in him, believing him to be able to become his successor one day.

After about half a decade of learning the basics of $MYCLASS  and magic, Grenendale invited $NAME along on an expedition into an ancient temple that had recently been uncovered. The architecture of the temple was unique and who made it was unknown, but Grenendale had been doing research on an ancient civilization that he suspected once ruled in this region. The expedition revealed little about the ancient civilization, aside from an ancient tome bearing a mark that resembles a bone-like claw with three $NAMEs. Grenendale was secretive about the book, revealing almost no information about it to $NAME. For many more years, $NAME continued to learn under his master, becoming more and more proficient in the ways of magic. But, as the years passed, Grenendale became erratic and started to descend into madness.

One day, $NAME entered his master's office to check in on him, but found him hunched over the book with a crazed look on his face. $NAME tried to help his master, but Grenendale attacked him. After a short fight, $NAME had no choice but to vitally injure his master. As Grenendale was nearing death, he had a moment of clarity, grabbing $NAME and speaking only two words, "stop him". He then handed $NAME the tome and died. $NAME ran from the city, afraid that he was to be blamed for his master's murder. $NAME now travels the land, searching for answers about what happened to his master.

The book that $NAME bears calls to him in his mind, urging him to open it. $NAME has resisted thus far, but curiosity is starting to get the better of him.
$NAME was born into a nomadic orc clan that traveled the wilds of the north. From a young age, he always had an affinity with nature in general, and animals more specifically. The clans' resident $MYCLASS took him under her wing after she found him talking with animals, and started teaching him what she knew.

But this life could not last for long.

A group of cultists that worshiped a primordial evil had poisoned the local water supply, causing all of the clan members to fall into an enchanted sleep... All that is, except for the druid and her apprentice, since they had some resistance to the posion.

The cultists came into the camp, gathering everyone they could find into a ritual circle that they carved out, and then they started chanting. A dark portal opened overhead as the druids watched, helpless to do a thing since the poison had the side effect of blocking off the flow of all magic. Tendrils of dark energies flowed out from the portal, tethering to all present, orc and cultist alike, with a larger tendril being attached to the young $NAME.

As the life could be seen being drained from all present, The young half-orc could hear a deep, resonant voice echoing inside of his mind, telling him how it was going to take control of his body and bring a reign of terror down on the world like it had never known before.

At this moment, something snapped inside of the youngling, and he ripped the tendril asunder, not noticing as some squirmed into his forehead. All of this left him alone with his dead clansmen and enemies.He did not know, though, that the snapped tendril had left a portion of the old one in his mind, just waiting for the time that it could take over and be free...

Since then, he has traveled south from the frozen northlands that stretch further than the  furthest dale's, and has recently heard of a clan of goblins that have been ambushing people near Neverwinter, and has decided that he shall pay this clan a 'visit'...
$NAME was born in the Underdark to the sister of Zaknafein Do'Urden, Chandra Do'Urden. When Chandra was a little girl, her brother instilled in her the same ideals that were passed on to Drizzt, which Chandra then passed on to her daughter.

$NAME was trained in the art of assassination and spying from a young age, being sent to take out rival Dark elves and upstart duergar clan heads. In the process of these missions, she discovered a secret passage that led straight to the surface. She followed it up to the top, and there saw the surface world or the first time.

She found the grand expanse of sky to be exhilarating, and the trees were all new to her, as she wandered through the forest glade she had surfaced in. Reluctantly, she headed back into the deeps, promising to find that tunnel again. Several years later, when she was 17, she told her mother about the tunnel, which was when her mother revealed a shocking truth- She was not pure drow. Her father had been a slave that House Do'Urden had captured on a surface raid, and whom Chandra had fallen in love with.

Pulling out a small set of gear, $NAME's mother handed it over, along with a set of directions that would lead her daughter to a place of training. And, in doing so, Chandra gave her blessing for her daughter to leave for the surface, knowing full and well that it may cost them both their lives.

$NAME left, and quickly found herself at the tunnel. Once she exited, she breathed a breath of fresh air, only to discover that a band of orcs and goblins had taken over the glade. Quickly putting them to rest, the young rouge left, following the very same path her cousin before her had. Within a year, she had found the place of safety and training her father had mentioned, and now, 11 years later, she has set out for her first mission for a group know as The Harpers...

I was the right-hand-man of Aerael de Lacosta, leader of the Rising Suns, as we battled against the tyrannical reign of Emperor Bulgariss for the Kingdom of Trussika. During a particularly difficult campaign I, along with a dozen villagers of Greenhope I was helping to escape, was ambushed by a force of fifty imperial soldiers.

Carrying little but a simple shield and my grandfather’s rapier, I stood against them, holding them off for as long as I could. I cut down nearly two dozen of them, but had significant wounds for my troubles. I expected that this would be the end for me.

As I was run through by what I had assumed was a fatal blow, a beam of pure sunlight blazed down from the sky. Through the  piercing glare of this blinding light, as I was enveloped into it, I saw the face of an angel of the goddess of purity. She told me that my time was not yet, and that there was work yet to do. She gave me only a single admonition - to persevere.

Thus restored, I found my wounds healed, and my mind clear as I returned to myself, with a circle of scorched earth surrounding my feet. The soldiers, astonished at the sudden display of godly power, had stepped back, yet still had their weapons at the ready.

I watched in fascination as, at my very will, my grandfather’s sword enveloped in radiant fire, white tongues of flame licking up the blade with a piercing glow. The blade had been transformed into that blade of legend, the Radiant Ambulai.

The soldiers steeled themselves, but I could see the fear in their eyes, battling with their unjust orders to take the village. With a sudden smile on my face, I taunted them with brazen confidence - “Come on.”

I am no paladin. I took no oath nor vow, and I do not know for what purpose I carry the Ambulai, but I have wielded it in the pursuit of justice from that day forward. Owing to our victories as we continued to battle the imperials, I was dubbed as the Hand of Ambulai, a title of which I hope to remain worthy.

Born atop a vast floating mountain in the Elemental Plane of Air, a child of the aarakocra tribe Zaar Tikani, $NAME was raised as a warrior of peace. He spent his childhood meditating and defending his tribe from the earth elementals that recurrently held great threat to his people.

One still night, perched upon the highest peak, of the highest rock, in isolated meditation, his mind found itself in eternal darkness. Confused and trapped for what seemed like eternity; time, life, his surroundings stolen from him. $NAME witnessed a holy vision of infinity itself. As if no time passed, he awoke from his haunting stupor, barely unable to comprehend this unnerving journey beyond the skyless valleys of reality itself.

He gazed upon his homeland with emotional paralysis. All that he knew, that he loved, was now meaningless and numb to him. It was not time that was stolen from him, in this mysterious vision, it was his spirit.

A few monotonous moons passed. No longer feeling connection to his home and family, upon reaching adulthood at age 3, he attempted to end his life. One last breath, he plummeted through the layers of fog that blanketed the unknown world beneath. Falling...falling...darkness.

$NAME awoke. An endless, alien panorama before him. He found himself alive in the continent of Kara-Tur, Eastern Faerun of the material plane.

A year passed in isolation, terrified of sinking back in to the infinite abyss, he stayed far from the familiar practice of meditation. One warm dawn, a human traveler discovered the lost aarakocra and convinced him to find home at a nearby monastery. Over six months, $NAME rediscovered himself training under the guidance of monks in the ways of ki.

$NAME's life of adventuring began with an introduction to The Harpers. This coincidental meeting, by one of the faction's operatives, found him leaving the monastery and traveling by sea to the metropolis of Neverwinter.

Regained with purpose, $NAME found friendship with a local band of pirates, The Dirty Hand, traveling the seas as their lookout in search for answers to his haunted past. Perhaps with further dedication to his craft, and these strange allies in a foreign world, may he find the maladjusted God who's fateful vision plundered him from the skies.

$NAME, previously known by a different name, grew up in a large city under a powerful and wealthy family. He trained to be a $MYCLASS in his young years, excelling in potential even beyond his tutors, though this potential squandered through his fascination with a unknown entity that haunted his dreams.

This mysterious force became an obsession to him; it spoke whispers that had no face, it showed him horrific images that held no meaning.

In fascinated fear he ran from his city, his family and even his name; he became poor and unknown. In time, $NAME was born from the ashes of his past, the dreams still as vivid as his youth yet their mysteries still withheld from him.

If there was one thing his lifetime of exiled searching brought him, it was the knowledge that the deeper he delved in to his alien nightmares the more powerful he became.


